folder the journal now it is devoted to the problems of prostheses
dental is expensive it is often talked about it is badly reimbursed by the
social security the spa premiums and yet these words are more and more
often manufactured at low prices abroad the French prosthetists have
Moreover, it is difficult to resist this new competition between
romania and france in search of slurry and jean-philippe and kate
obviously
the most painful is probably this project
but just after the arrival the bill
sir belhadj chose rather than pay his share 1 806 euros in France he has
favorite go to morocco last year
result we will already launch at least two more
I think I have my bubble to reach the
the broker for me
he did not speak Arabic
the ora will be armed with meetings the people the people
and why are these six little things so expensive
sometimes dental technicians are accused, but how do you explain
as more and more dentists ag buy their dentures to
abroad sometimes ten times cheaper than in France and at the same time
prices do not drop
here we are at the new book in the dental prosthesis laboratory fight
classical
artisanal like a lot
three years ago dentist monday who were working with pierrick not drop
decided to go to China to provide no judgment at least
do not inform
disappeared overnight
since then three dismissals
it's a different story
further details
private channels
effectively
the competition seems unfair
here we are in romania in what is known as a factory adores a hundred
thousand are manufactured each year thanks to these sounds dental prosthetist
who work so much rotation
7 hours
from 9
specialized
some books up to 40 years a day
6% of all production by us or dentists a doc or split
average two times cheaper than in France
and the laboratory of the same name
extremely strong
250 million
it allows to manufacture in 20 minutes
the dental technician doctor your program
currently on mission
the laboratory or sick
at the 80th
the french dentist for sale
accordingly,
if the quality here while according to the laboratory manager no
problem
pathé and in case of defeat at laval stl laval and prefer heroes
the second time a day late
what she's talking about she had to redo
it's scary
back to France precisely
thierry debès conducted his little investigation these two doctors for example
are mostly used in Romania the difference in quality
seems blatant even to the naked eye mandela become products that are very
little music
we can have united energy problems
therefore not subject to medef guidelines and other shocking issues according to the
dental prosthetist finally these prostheses are reimbursed by the state
of sonora are quite different
as if it's a promise that we are in France gold these prostheses imports do not
generates
nor is it looking for the
annie taxes nick nuyens
since last July a law requires dentists indicated on their quotes
the source of the products they use
many do not do it yet
to the consumer